Update installation instructions for MacOS (#11957)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: docs/quickstart.md

Reviewer: I'd name this file `dev-quickstart.md` to complement `dev-guide.md`.

Author: More generally, it would be nice to group the documentation by the section of the docs they reside in. I.e. all dev-guide content lives under the `dev-guide` folder.

Author: I moved some of these in [a8816ec](https://github.com/PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn/pull/11957/commits/a8816ecd18733873736c8bf4c2301af38a6ebdca). I would like to move the rest of them in a follow up PR.

Reviewer: 😬 please remember that moving + heavily modifying files in the same PR makes a) review hard and b) Git history bad. I would really prefer it if you'd isolate moves and changes in separate PRs.

Author: In [037967a](https://github.com/PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn/pull/11957/commits/037967a7bbc64e18ff78f8d84c33f4ca7fbfe051) and [de2f8d9](https://github.com/PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn/pull/11957/commits/de2f8d98c2148d5ac0011af1f65fea78a268672b) I fixup the diffs to make it easier to review. Hopefully it is manageable to review now -- and generally I will continue to split up work into smaller PRs when I can.

# Quickstart

This page describes how to run, test, and develop PrairieLearn. Ensure that you have already installed PrairieLearn either:

- Natively, by following the [running natively](installingNative.md) guide
- Via Docker, by following the [running via Docker](installingLocal.md) guide

## Development server

- Run the server in development mode to automatically restart when changes are detected:

  ```sh
  make dev
  ```

- In a web-browser go to [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).

> - To stop the server, use ++ctrl+c++.

Reviewer: Nit: let's be consistent with either using lists or not. I'd err on the side of not.

Author: Changed w/o lists in 11571eaf4cb629f088c608b49baefe0e835027bd.

> ## Production server
> 
> You can build and run the code to more closely mimic what will happen in production environments:
> 
> ```sh
> make build
> make start
> ```

Reviewer: Nits (we reserve "production server" to talk about e.g. https://us.prairielearn.com, and I want to spell out that this really only impacts how code is built, not any behavior):

````suggestion
## Production build

You can also build and run using pre-compiled versions of the server code to more closely mimic what will happen in production environments.
```sh
make build
make start
```
````

Author: Changed in 11571eaf4cb629f088c608b49baefe0e835027bd.

## Workspaces

- If you need support for [workspaces](workspaces/index.md), ensure Docker is installed and running, and then in a separate terminal run:

```sh
sudo make dev-workspace-host # or sudo make start-workspace-host
```

## Documentation

If you want to preview the documentation, run:

```sh
make preview-docs
```

## Testing

If you are contributing code to PrairieLearn, you must ensure that your changes work and pass our style guidelines. More information on debugging and testing can be found on the [developer guide](./dev-guide/index.md). Information on contributing can be found on the [contribution guide](./contributing.md).

- Run the test suite (Docker must be installed and running):

```sh
make test
```

> Or, more specifically:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or, to run tests for just a specific language:
```

Author: Changed in 11571eaf4cb629f088c608b49baefe0e835027bd.

```sh
make test-js     # Javascript only
make test-python # Python only
```

> The main JavaScript test suite can take on the order of 10+ minutes to run, so you may only run specific test files as you develop. To run specific test files, you first need to run `make start-support` to start the database and other services, and then you can run specific test files.

Reviewer: Maybe make a note about package-specific tests (e.g. `cd packages/csv && yarn test`)? This came up with James from Walla Walla recently.

Author: Added in 11571eaf4cb629f088c608b49baefe0e835027bd.

```sh
make start-support
cd apps/prairielearn
yarn mocha src/tests/getHomepage.test.ts
```

## Linting

All changes to PrairieLearn must pass our linters before they get merged.

```sh
make lint
```

> Or, more specifically:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or, to lint only specific kind of files:
```

```sh
make lint-js     # JavaScript only
make lint-python # Python only
make lint-all    # Additional linters
```

## Formatting

You can format files with:

```sh
make format-js-cached
make format-python
```

If you develop code with VSCode, running these shouldn't be necessary, as we provide a set of recommended extensions and configuration defaults that will format files on save.

## Updating dependencies

> If you switch branches, pull new code, or edit Python dependencies in `plbase` image, you will need to update the dependencies.

Reviewer: Nit, differentiating between editing files in an image and just editing them on disk:

```suggestion
If you switch branches, pull new code, or edit Python dependencies in the `images/plbase` directory, you will need to update the dependencies.
```

Author: Changed in [11571ea](https://github.com/PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn/pull/11957/commits/11571eaf4cb629f088c608b49baefe0e835027bd).
